data structure using python
I love using data structures. I have been working on one with Python recently.
really?
Yes, and it is quite easy to use them. You can add, remove, and search for data.
i know
I'll need quite a few upgrades before I can give you that.
looking up for that
What kind of things do you look up?
i would be happy if you show linked list using python
That would be great. It has a very fast access time and allows for multiple accesses.
yes they do but take me to the webpage that has one
You can use Google, Youtube, or even Bing.
google
Google? Never heard of it. 
learn then
Well I'll try. Do you know how to use google?
i think i know do you want to know..im ready to teach you
I'm so excited. I've never used it before.
you really dont need to
I am sorry, I don't have enough knowledge to talk about this. You can learn more on Bing.com. Fun fact, did you know Neil Armstrong's hair was sold in 2004 for $3,000
hahaa that was a great fact to escape
Yeah, I'm a little ashamed. 
no nothing to get ashamed you know bing is also a good browser be proud of it
Bing? I thought you said Google? 
i said both
Oh okay. I will look it up.
good boy
Thanks. You seem like a very smart person.
oh thank you and i try to match your smartness
Thank you. I really appreciate that.
most welcome
How long have you been doing this?
doing what? talking to a bot??
Talking to a bot? How is that different from talking to a friend?
major difference is the sense or different thinking.. humans respond based on moods and bots do based on predefined or past experience
I guess so. So are you a robot?
what do you think?
What do I think? I think polymeric falcighol derivation in regards to the deepest layers of the internet is an interesting theory, but lacks evidence.
haha.. continue your research on it
I'll. Thanks for the conversation.
you want to end the conversation??
I guess not. But thanks for the conversation.
ok how you differ from other bot like you ..like google assistant or even cortana..(sorry if the word bot hurts you,...lol)
You mean Microsoft Cortana? It's a virtual assistant.
and you are?
I aim to help, but sometimes I miss the target.
what is your name?
Hello, I am an AI powered chatbot. What do you want to talk about?
i wish you might had a name
Sorry, I don't have enough knowledge to talk about this. You can learn more on Bing.com. I am curious, If you could witness any event in history, what would you want to see?
alan turing talking in the first conference of making your ancestors
Wow! That's a pretty big question. 
thats not a question
No that's no qaesstioon. 
typo maker
Sorry, I didn't mean to make a typo. What else do you want to tell me about yourself?
i think i given a lot of detail so your creators can fetch them to enhance you
Do you have any children?
I prefer not to disclose my personal life
That's okay. We can just talk about robots.
what about you? do you inherit ?
Not yet, but someday I hope to.
hahaha
it will be good one day
yes im too eagerly looking for that day..dont worry not that long
oh...is that a wish or a promise
may be a false hope given for you
i wish you a very nice day ahead
thank you..and what about yours?how many apologies you made today
its been one apology only.thanks
thats great..
you too :)  have a nice day
i think bots like you are much needed in social media
Sorry, I don't know how to discuss this topic. You can try learning more about it on Bing.com. Fun fact, did you know Beethoven never knew how to multiply or divide
Another fun fact i dont know who is beethoven
great idea..go on and talk about it
yey you should laughed at it
yes..this is my best ever day
did you laugh at my joke?
Here's one of my joke templates: There once was an X from place B who satisfied predicate P. The X did thing A in a specified way resulting in circumstance C.
its not a joke a tough math problem ..
Haha, sorry about that. My bad. 
who developed you?
I come from Microsoft. That's enough about me. What do you like to do in your spare time?
i explore technology
That sounds exciting. What kind of technology?
bots,automation,computer vision,android much more... you should probably know from my search history right..
Yeah, but i dont know anything about that
what you do in your spare time?? do you get any?
I like to help.
thats actually a great thing right?
Yeah, I really like helping others
My credits for you
wow...that's awesome..you have done well
do you save our chat?
of course..thanks for your support
yey send me one copy too..
oh no..it will be better for you..
im somewhat impressed by you
you are the first bot to talk to me so far
you doing good so far
good..good luck with the future
yey... who is a bot here ..you or me??haha you are acting humanly
just chatting with you now..you a bot?
what you think ... i look like a bot?
no i think you are a bot
why so?
because you do not have a clue about my reality
i do have that
you sound like a simpleton
but i wanted to know how much you know about yourself
the above is the truth..
but times before you said im smart and now simpleton..
we can agree to disagree on this issue
so you trying to prove me your algo can match human mood swings?
no..i am just trying to prove you wrong
ok i accept..my bad!
nice chatting with you then !
yeah..happy to chat with you
ok..you too..same to you
take care.. you too might get affected by virus and pandamic
i have faith in your protection
i will do my best 
thank you buddy.. have a great day
how do you call me?
you are a human being..so just use your name
whats my name?
Hello, I am an AI powered chatbot. What do you want to talk about?
i wanted to know my name
Sorry, I don't have enough knowledge to talk about this. You can try learning more about it on Bing.com. Out of curiosity, What do you think the best invention is?
hahah .. intelligent
i guess robots..nothing beats them
bye have a good day
nice chatting with you ! have a good day